Document dashboard creation (#2732)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/overview/observability/dashboard-management/dashboard-creation.md

- **Automated deployment**: Dashboards deploy automatically when ConfigMaps are applied
- **Multi-environment support**: Deploy the same dashboard across development, staging, and production
- **CI/CD integration**: Include dashboard validation in your pipeline

## Interactive creation

For rapid prototyping and iterative development, create dashboards directly in Grafana's web interface.

### Getting started

1. [Access your Grafana instance]({{< relref "/tutorials/observability/data-exploration/accessing-grafana" >}})
2. Navigate to **Dashboards** > **New** > **New Dashboard**
3. Add panels, configure visualizations, and arrange your layout
4. Save your dashboard to the appropriate organization

### Grafana documentation

For detailed guidance on using Grafana's dashboard builder, see the [official Grafana documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/build-dashboards/create-dashboard/).

### Data persistence

Dashboards created in the UI are stored in PostgreSQL with automatic backups, ensuring they persist across platform updates and restarts.

## Best practices

### Start with exploration

> Before building dashboards, spend time in [Grafana's Explore view]({{< relref "/tutorials/observability/data-exploration/accessing-grafana#how-to-use-explore-and-drilldown-in-grafana" >}}) to understand your data and refine your queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before building dashboards, spend time in [Grafana's Explore view]({{< relref "/overview/observability/data-management/data-exploration#how-to-use-explore-and-drilldown-in-grafana" >}}) to understand your data and refine your queries.
```

### Design for your audience

- **Executive dashboards**: Focus on high-level KPIs and trends
- **Operational dashboards**: Emphasize real-time status and alert states  
- **Troubleshooting dashboards**: Include detailed metrics and drill-down capabilities

### Leverage existing resources

- Explore [Giant Swarm's default dashboards](https://github.com/giantswarm/dashboards) for inspiration
- Check the [Grafana community dashboards](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/) for common patterns
- Use dashboard templates for consistent layouts across your organization

## Next steps

- **[Set up multi-tenancy]({{< relref "/overview/observability/configuration/multi-tenancy" >}})**: Organize dashboards by team or environment

> - **[Configure data ingestion]({{< relref "/tutorials/observability/data-ingestion" >}})**: Ensure you have the right data flowing into your dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Configure data ingestion]({{< relref "/tutorials/observability/data-ingestion" >}})**: ensure you have the right data flowing into your dashboards
```
